feat(Guide): preparations section (#9412)
discordjs/discord.js: apps/guide/src/content/02-preparations/04-adding-your-bot-to-servers.mdx

---
title: Adding your bot to servers
category: Preparations
---

# Adding your bot to servers

After [setting up your bot application](/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application), you'll need to invite it to servers in order to use it.

## Sample invite URL

Here's an example invite URL:

```url
https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=123456789012345678&permissions=0&scope=bot%20applications.commands
```

Let's break down the URL:

- `https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize` is the base URL for the OAuth2 flow.
- `client_id=...` is used to specify the client ID of your application.

> - `permissions=...` describes the permissions that your bot will have upon joining the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `permissions=...` describes the recommended permissions that your bot would be granted by default upon joining the server.
```
